REFERENCE COUNTS

To understand how to take care of reference counts read this:
http://docs.python.org/extending/extending.html#reference-counts

The idea is that when you're writing a function you're not
responsible for worrying about references of other functions.

Any function that creates new object increases reference for you,
in the documentation they are marked "New Reference". You're
responsible to decrease the counter when you're no longer using it
Some of the functions (generally ones that return existing objects;
warning, Python has some exceptions) only borrow you their reference
in that case if you plan to retain the object you need to increase
it. Python as I mentioned has some exceptions, though they're
generally marked in the documentation. Also, be careful because few
functions steal a reference from you (they're marked as well).

Any function that is called from Python borrows references (you
shouldn't need to decrease reference count for arguments)
and your return value is being consumed (i.e. the reference count
shouldn't be 0 for returned values). This also applies to singletons
such as Py_None, Py_True etc. You have convenience macros that do it
automatically such as: Py_RETURN_NONE, Py_RETURN_TRUE etc.

THREADING

While Python supports threading, when your function is being called
you don't have to worry about threads stepping over it. That's
because Python has a main lock which is locked whenever extension
function is being called. Sometimes though, your call performs an
operation that blocks for extended period of time (ccn_run or
ccn_Get for example) in that case you probably should wrap your
blocking statement with
Py_BEGIN_ALLOW_THREADS
and
Py_END_ALLOW_THREAS
To let other Python threads to run. When you use those macros, be
aware that your environment might change. For example references to
objects that you're using. If you get an object with borrowed
reference before the statements and you plan to use it after.
You should increase its reference before enabling threads so you can
be sure the object will still exist after.
